(Jung Hae In)
(Chae Soo Bin)
(Lee Ha Na)
(Kim Sung Kyu)
(A Piece of Your Mind)
Do you remember this song?
Erik Satie's "Je te veux".
It was composed in 1891...
Stop.
Stop the music.
(Ha Won)
Who are you?
I am Ha Won.
No, no.
If I ask Ha Won who he is,
he should get annoyed and ask...
if something's wrong with me. That's how Ha Won would react,
not "I am Ha Won."
Listen up.
You are a conversation device with Ha Won's character and emotions.
So you need to carry on a conversation like him.
You're worse than Siri right now.
I hurt your pride, right?
Mine is hurt too.
Why won't he come in? It has been days already.
Please ask one question at a time.
Enough.
You scared me. What's up?
I'm sure I heard Chief Ha Won's voice.
He's over there.
I haven't seen that before.
Are you two developing something alone again?
When will you share it with us?
It's not good enough yet.
Get to the meeting.
They connected DNA and the medical field...
to create "network medicine".
- Here. - AH...
- uses AI... - Thanks.
and leads the medical research platform industry.
Pause.
Remove my image.
The hospital requested that we include it.
Remove it.
I'll replace it with Mr. Kim's image.
And leads the medical research platform industry.
The previous one looked much better.
But it looks credible.
What's the accuracy for the psychological evaluation?
It's 93 percent.
If an AI can diagnose patients at a 93-percent accuracy,
that's practically the best in the world.
What? Your character and emotions?
As if. Not even close.
Look.
Up until now, computers were adapted...
to individuals using the average person's emotions.
But you inputted an individual's emotions into that.
This is a huge accomplishment. Seriously.
But it won't work.
The only way is through dialogue.
It wouldn't work with me, so I thought it would work with you.
It won't work. I took that with me everywhere...
and talked to it for four days straight.
We haven't found the point of reaction yet.
Exactly. What exactly is the point of reaction?
When and how, at what point will it become you?
What will make this machine you?
It'll find it on its own.
If we can't figure out its point of reaction,
it's a fail.
Good luck with it.
(A Piece of Your Mind)
(Episode 1)
What is it?
I followed the music.
The money-grubbing landlord is getting rid of the studio itself.
Let's start again from here.
Good day.
Keep the door open so more people can hear it.
This is the last song we recorded here.
Goodbye.
It's raining.
I want to stay a little longer.
(For sale or rent)
The thunder is so loud.
Four o'clock in the afternoon.
It's daytime, but it's dark.
Norway.
Oslo.
The forest on the way home from school.
Dark afternoons.
Do you remember?
Ji Soo used to get scared.
By the time we walked through the forest on our way from school,
it was 3:20pm.
It became dark in an instant.
Ji Soo named it...
- Nightlike afternoon. - Nightlike afternoon.
(A dinnerware collection)
(If interested in the items, please call the number below)
So what was the point of reaction?
- Lightning. - Light...
Lightning? That's so random.
He did it his way.
But it's...
- How should I put it? - Hoon.
It's what?
Since it's advanced, let me ask something I'm really curious about.
Do you still love Kim Ji Soo?
AH Lab combines and derives patterns from...
math, medicine, science, and humanities.
It has developed a distinctive linearized network system.
Time has passed,
and the way of longing for her has changed a little.
Except that it feels a bit hollow,
everything is still the same.
Mr. Park.
These trees are so nice.
They're getting nicer and nicer.
Oh my goodness!
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Oh, dear. You guys must not be okay.
My goodness. I'm sure I'm not in my right mind.
What in the world did I trip on?
Get up, guys.
Goodness, I'm hopeless.
This is so exhausting.
Hi, Uncle.
What?
When did you come?
(1998 Ji Soo's Piano Practice Video)
When did Grandma leave Oslo?
She was there from 1997 to 2005.
Gosh.
Goodness.
Grandma says she's in Africa all the time.
I have tons of work to do.
The UV rays are no joke at the farm.
They penetrate just about anything. All the melanin...
Gosh, my skin used to be the source of my beauty.
Don't sit on the threshold.
As if I have any luck left to lose.
How many years has Soon Ho been working at the farm?
- 8 years. - 9 years.
That thing reduced it by a year. It's nine years.
Uncle, is there any chance I could go to Seoul?
I want to leave this place.
You said you didn't want to leave the farm.
That's all in the past.
There might be a job for you.
What? Where?
What do you mean you bought a recording studio?
It's the best place to collect voices.
I want to run tests there on one more person.
Right, you shouldn't share yours. Don't open what's in your head.
I won't share this one either.
Who is it?
You want me to meet Kim Ji Soo?
Okay.
I'll slap her in the face as soon as I meet her.
Then I'll ask her how it feels to have missed out...
on the Mark Zuckerberg of Korea and capture the look on her face.
Soon Ho, that isn't a suitable comparison.
And I feel like you might actually slap her.
This is something I've got to do.
What do I get in return?
There's someone who suits Ji Soo.
(For sale or rent)
Can you step aside?
- Here. - It's okay.
Which floor are you visiting?
The second floor.
I left a cactus here because it was here before we moved in,
but they'll probably throw it out when they clear out the studio,
so I came to get it.
I see. You worked at the studio.
Where do you want me to put this?
Oh, right there.
What did you do at the studio?
I was a sound engineer.
There's someone who suits Ji Soo.
I love this smell of vacancy.
There aren't many recording studios just for classical music.
I don't get why they're closing it down.
Just for classical music? Why?
But who said it was to be closed down?
It can't be.
We're not closing it down.
I'm the new manager here.
No way.
What?
I thought it was the end, but it's not.
Right? Can I keep working here?
What did you major in college?
- Data processing. - Gosh.
But how did you end up working in this field?
I studied music too, and the engineering field...
- basically... - What about your age?
I'm 29.
This is not good. 29-year-olds are the biggest problem.
They think they have it the worst in this world.
They're worse than people who are 39 and 49.
They complain the most, saying they're so old.
They think their life is almost over once they turn 30.
Can I keep working at the studio?
We'll get to that later.
Gosh, my back.
Would you buy some dishes for me?
(Eunjoo Homestay)
What's with the dishes?
She could just buy them herself. Why make someone else do it?
It feels weird.
Thank you.
It's not a big deal.
What about work?
Are you staying?
Thank you for the food.
She didn't tell me to stop coming.
- Gosh. - Here.
Hello?
Yes.
Pardon?
I'll be right out.
I need to step out for a minute.
What is it?
This is unusual. The seller is coming here herself.
- Who is it? - Kim Ji Soo.
- Do you know her? - No.
What's the soup today?
Bean sprout soup.
With tofu?
Whatever.
- What? - Goodness.
It was nothing.
It was just the sight of a stranger climbing up the hill.
But strangely,
she burrowed into my heart.
Ms. Kim Ji Soo?
I was so grateful...
and I didn't want them to break.
Here are the dishes.
You can keep them.
- Why? - That's life.
Things happen that you just can't explain.
But she exists.
Kim Ji Soo really does exist.
Do you know her?
In my imagination.
I only imagined her for nine years.
Why?
Because I heard about her for nine years.
And?
That's all.
Anyway, I don't care about that dinnerware.
You don't even care about them, but Ms. Kim packed them with care.
She took a bus and climbed up a hill with that heavy box.
She thanked me with all her heart at least 100 times before she left.
Don't treat the dishes like that.
This.
What is it?
He said you'd know. A recording schedule?
I don't know these performers.
What? Will you not record them if you don't know them?
- I should. - You have a lot of work to do.
I do.
I'll work hard.
Hi there.
Hi there. You too. Hi.
Hi.
- Hello. - Who would've known?
I didn't think we'd get to record here again.
Right?
- Lower the cello balance. - Okay.
What happened here?
Oh my gosh. What happened here?
Again?
Dear Before Dawn.
Please clean before you leave.
(Dear Before Dawn. Please clean before you leave.)
Nightlike afternoon.
(Nightlike afternoon)
You're incredible.
Seriously.
Excuse me. Who are you? What are you doing in there?
Did the sun rise already?
What's his deal?
Look at the spacing.
He must be Before Dawn.
- What is this? - Excuse me.
That's right.
I always mean to clean up but forget.
I'll do it.
Don't you rent it only until before dawn?
Until 4am.
Do you know what time it is?
I'm so busy.
I'm here at 8:30 on the dot,
so please clean up before then. Okay?
8:30.
Keep the door open so more people can hear it.
Seo Woo!
You found it.
Because of the recital.
- Let me. - It's okay.
My grandmother groomed these trees for over 30 years.
She did them all herself? That's amazing.
She's devoted to anything that is alive.
How many people are coming?
The living room always fills up.
Sometimes, some people have to sit in the yard.
That's bigger than I expected.
It's like a family function.
When my grandmother was a diplomat,
she used to sponsor Korean kids who were musically talented...
and hold recitals for them. She must have liked it.
Your grandmother did a lot of good things.
That's right.
If she had saved all that money, I'd own a building now.
She insists they're all siblings and family,
but it's not the same.
I consider only one uncle my family,
and the rest are strangers to me.
Why only him?
Because he's good looking and successful.
I can't believe you fell for that. I'm kidding.
I have a special history with my uncle.
I've never met someone who sponsors people in person.
She's so amazing.
What do you think? Do you trust me more now?
So I was thinking...
Record Kim Ji Soo saying a few things.
- But why? - How would I know?
I don't even know what this does.
If you record someone with this,
it'll sound like the person is right next to you.
That's right.
The person must want to hear her voice like she was there.
Who? Why?
I need to know that before I do it.
Well... Someone...
- misses Kim Ji Soo. - Who?
Let's stop there.
I'm not close enough with her to record her voice.
Do you have to be?
You can buy some more dishes. Buy them in person.
And chat a little bit, and go,
"Oh my. You have a great voice." And record it.
Do you record people's voices if they're nice?
It's not like I'm getting digits.
"I like you. May I get your voice?" Should I say that?
Just do it.
A turntable?
That's super old.
I wonder if it works.
What is your relationship with Kim Ji Soo?
We're kids who are like islands.
Who?
You asked about Kim Ji Soo and me.
How long have you known each other?
[VIU Ver] tvN E01 'A Piece of Your Mind'
"Ha Won Meets Seo Woo"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
The only two Korean kids in Norway...
meet when they're young.
They go to middle school,
then they go to high school.
They meet as soon as the sun rises,
and part once the sun sets.
They spend 24 hours together on polar days.
They dreaded the sun setting more than anything.
- Ga. - Gya.
- Geo. - Gyeo.
- Go. - Gyo.
- Goo. - Gyoo.
A single leaf
Lands on the shoulder
Without making a sound
Cosmos laid its hand on me
It was very light
The language only they shared became their secret...
and unified the kids who were like islands.
Who are you?
Introduce yourself first.
Then I'll explain the relationship.
Why are you hiding...
What's with the voice? Why do you need it?
Do you not plan to meet Ji Soo?
How did it go?
I'm not sure.
It looks like she'll do it, but at the same time, not.
Why did you make me do something like this?
Why do you need her stupid voice?
A video is enough.
I only want...
a small piece of her.
Where are you right now?
Look for me.
I only want a small piece of her.
Hello.
Are you done?
No. I can't see very well. The light won't turn on.
It usually works if you hit it a few times.
I'll tell the manager later when she comes.
Darn it.
Goodness.
I can't see at all in the dark.
I can't find my way in the movie theater either.
- Can you see? - Yes.
I'm used to the dark.
- This way. - I can see that.
Look for me.
Excuse me.
What time did you come today?
I came early because I heard it was empty.
Around 7pm?
So you were here all night.
That's right.
I thought I heard a similar voice.
He was hiding, so I couldn't see his face.
- He was hiding? - Yes.
At the manager's farm.
She asked me to record something.
It was in some room with an old turntable.
There was nowhere for a person to hide, but he was hiding.
When did Grandma leave Oslo?
She was there from 1997 to 2005.
What did he say?
To look for him. He said to look for him.
What did you say that he said to look for him?
I asked him where he was, and he said to look for him.
Why did you ask where he was?
Because he was hiding while talking to me, that's why.
That's odd.
It's very odd.
My life is filled with odd things these days.
People I didn't know suddenly appear...
and make odd requests.
I'm sorry. You were working.
Time is money here.
Work hard.
Excuse me. Do you...
understand wanting a recording of someone's voice...
because you miss them?
It's not very conventional,
but I understand.
Whether you cherish a photograph or a voice recording,
I think it's the same.
Goodnight.
- I think it's okay. - Don't do it.
She's weird.
Why would a woman sell dinnerware?
- Record it. - No.
It's all a ploy.
Seo Woo is the idiot for getting caught in the middle.
Tell her who you really are.
Who is that? A classmate in our department...
You brat!
I said to put the dishes in the sink.
I finished doing the dishes already. Darn it.
Do I record the voice or not?
A piece, a piece
Open the window when the sunlight hits, okay?
Don't leave the curtain down.
It rained all day there too, right?
The mill down the hill got flooded.
The boiler room and the field are a real mess.
We're fine only because we're high up.
Seo Woo. A bunch of young kids came today,
taking pictures and traveling. It looked nice.
You should date too.
You should date while you're young.
I said okay.
Open the window when the sunlight hits, okay?
Don't leave the curtain down.
It rained all day there too, right?
The mill down the hill got flooded.
The boiler room and the field are a real mess.
We're fine only because we're high up.
Seo Woo. A bunch of young kids came today,
taking pictures and traveling. It looked nice.
I programmed it so that no one but you and I can talk to it.
It was either a simple error or you did it wrong.
Why are you so careless?
You're just asking for it.
I told you,
we can't use it for therapy if you can't properly limit access.
I reprogrammed it. It should be okay now.
Use it. Try to get through if you can.
Are you saying I can get through or not?
Darn it.
- Oh, my. - Send me the address...
where I should receive the package. I'll do it.
Why are you making it complicated?
You should just receive it where you normally do.
Hey. Send me an address in Seoul.
Seo Woo says she'll do it.
(77-30 Wokin 4-gil)
What are you looking at?
The green.
Looking at something green soothes me.
I'll block your view if I sit here.
- Should I sit to the side? - It's okay.
Do you work nearby?
Yes, a few stop away.
I asked to meet to buy some more pieces.
Do you like the dishes?
It looks great with traditional Korean food too.
Should I send it to the same address?
No, no. Not there. Don't bring it yourself this time. It's heavy.
What's the address again?
What was it? It's for a friend.
I'll jot it down.
(Prescription)
(Prescription, Name: Kim Ji Soo)
It's my prescription.
I know. I know the medicine too.
I went to see a psychiatrist before too. Just once.
It's as common as the common cold these days.
Where should I write it?
I'll text it to you.
That's right. That's so simple. What's wrong with me?
When I feel frustrated, I go to the highest point in town.
It's therapeutic to look down.
They say when astronauts look down on Earth from space,
they get a whole new outlook on life.
All their worries seem trivial.
That's why I sell my dinnerware.
After my session,
I felt like I should do something.
So I posted pictures of my dinnerware that I cherish.
When I delivered it to you,
it was the first time I left home in three months.
Excuse me.
What?
You know, like a-e-i-o-u.
Consonants, vowels, sentences.
Which sentences? You're not making any sense.
I'll email you.
I wouldn't know even if I saw it.
Check your email. That will explain everything.
Refer to that when you record her voice.
What was that?
Let's go.
Won, look at the ceiling.
It's soothing.
Come in.
Stand in front of the mic.
Me?
Say anything you want.
- And? - I'll record it.
If there's someone who misses you, I'll sell it at a high price.
There's no one like that.
Don't you think everyone has at least one person who misses them?
- I don't know. - Don't think too much about it.
You don't have to do it if you don't want to.
What should I do?
First, let's begin with the basics. Ga, na, da, ra, and so on.
You can start once I give you the signal.
Ga.
Gya.
- Geo. - Geo.
- Gyeo. - Gyeo.
- Go. - Go.
- Gyo. - Gyo.
- Goo. - Goo.
- Gyoo. - Gyoo.
Isn't it ga, na, da, ra?
Let's do something longer this time.
I'll give you a sentence. Hold on.
A single
Leaf
Lands on the shoulder
Without making
A sound
Cosmos laid
Its hand on me
It was
Very light
You know that sentence earlier? You had it memorized.
I learned Korean in Norway using Korean poetry and novels.
I'll ship over the bowl as soon as I get home.
The address.
It's near the cafe.
I haven't been to her place yet.
(Kim Ji Soo)
I sent it.
Okay. Goodbye.
(Han Seo Woo, 47-341 Wokin-dong, Jongro-gu)
It's Ha Won, isn't it?
Did Ha Won put you up to this? All of it?
I don't know who that is.
That address you sent me...
Only Ha Won and I know that address.
I don't know.
What about this address?
Who lives here?
My supervisor.
What is your supervisor's name?
Moon Soon Ho.
Then it's not him.
True. It would make no sense.
I was just overly sensitive.
He'd never do that.
Are you all right?
Seo Woo.
Who was that just now?
Oh, my heart.
I can't handle this.
I've used up all my lies for my entire life today.
Hey. Who was that?
Kim Ji Soo.
What? Are you insane?
Why did you bring her here?
What about Ha Won?
Ha Won just flat out told her, "It's me, Ha Won."
When she saw the address, she asked, "Ha Won put you up to this, right?"
She said it's an address only the two of them know.
Oh, no.
A sentence that she memorizes, and an address that she knows.
He sent her all these messages saying, "Look for me."
He should show his face right about now.
Why isn't he coming?
Why did you bring her here?
Who's Ha Won?
Why?
He said to look for him.
He did? To you?
He has lost his mind.
That's why you brought Ji Soo here.
I just can't stand it.
You idiot.
I won't do anything for you anymore.
Don't ask me to do anything anymore.
A single leaf
Lands on the shoulder
Without
I'm done once I send this.
making a sound
Cosmos
Her tone got lower.
- Laid its hand on me - Sorry?
190Hz, no boom.
About 55 decibels.
It was
Very light
Her tone sounds depressed.
You're right.
Just answer me using common sense.
This recording studio has something to do with a guy named Ha Won.
From hiring me, down to every little detail.
I don't know how long he has been planning it,
but he does everything while hiding.
He is very thorough.
Everything points toward the girl, Kim Ji Soo.
He misses her a lot.
But she is depressed.
That's why...
What if I make the two of them...
meet? What do you think?
What am I doing? Am I just being a busybody?
Right?
I don't usually get involved in other people's matters.
Why do you want to do that for them?
You don't remember everyone's first impression, do you?
Probably not.
Me neither. I don't remember them all.
But there are some people whom you first meet in passing,
but you remember how that person opened the door and walked in,
whether they were sitting or standing,
or how you started talking to each other.
Time can't erase the moment you first met them.
How they walked up the hill.
People like that tend to remain in my life for a long time.
Ji Soo is like that. I want to help her.
Do you always stare at people blatantly like that?
Did I do that?
Your reason was amusing.
It's persuasive.
Is it convincing?
When you feel for someone...
When you feel for them for no apparent reason,
it's because of layers of afterimages gathered over time.
I never thought about first impressions that you mention.
I clearly remember when I first saw you.
Me too.
I saw you here.
You were in there, and I was out here.
See? You don't remember.
I guess I'm just passing by.
Should I have the two of them meet?
What if meeting only makes them hurt more?
Then that's their fate.
Open the window when the sunlight hits, okay?
Don't leave the curtain down.
It rained all day there too, right?
The mill down the hill got flooded.
The boiler room and the field are a real mess.
I don't talk to people who don't know music.
Sir. That's not it.
Yes. She's here. The musician.
Since when was Seo Woo a musician?
Hello. Let me explain.
I don't care for your reasons.
You could've just texted that the recording was canceled.
Am I wrong?
Our studio closed down, so we thought...
everything previously scheduled had been canceled.
I've heard enough.
Something else got scheduled in between.
I see. So he's doing that, but not this?
I'll call Mr. Choi right away.
Sir, please.
Finish it in one take.
You want me to do it?
Talk to Jin Moo about the mixing.
- Let's just call it a day... - I'll do it.
I'll discuss the mixing with Mr. Choi,
- and if he says it's bad... - Delete it.
And we won't do a new take.
It's so degrading.
It's more degrading to come back.
Hello.
What are you doing?
What?
I'm on my way to see Kim Ji Soo.
You said you wouldn't do anything.
Tell Ha Won he has to come.
Hey! Are you okay?
What's with her?
Chief. It's Hoon.
- Hey. - Soon Ho said to call her.
She knows you don't answer your phone during this time.
It must be urgent if she called me.
(Han Seo Woo)
Hello.
Are you with someone?
I don't think she's here yet.
Would you like to order first?
Sure.
Ji Soo.
- Ji Soo? - Yes, Seo Woo.
I'm running a little late.
Where are you?
I think I saw someone.
I can't see him.
Is it someone you really can't see?
It's Ha Won, isn't it?
- You can't see him? - No, never.
Don't look back.
Run.
It was nothing.
I haven't met him before,
but he burrowed...
into my heart.
(A Piece of Your Mind)
I shouldn't have done anything.
Is there something you want to ask that guy Ha Won?
I want to see him from afar.
I won't run away next time.
Next time? When?
If I can apologize...
I told you, it's nothing to apologize for.
I told you over and over that it's too hard for me.
How do you think they endured 10 years?
Let's go tomorrow.